Show yourself.
Let me see your hands.
Both of 'em.
I wasn't going to use it.
I can't hear you.
I said,
I wasn't going to use it.
Good to know.
Now, put it away.
Lips, quiet.
You alone?
You telling me the truth?
What's your name?
Sonny.
Well, Sonny, my name is Emma.
Got any other weapons?
No.
You hungry?
You look hungry.
Have a seat.
Squirrel jerky.
It's not as bad as it sounds.
Does that dog bite?
That's Lips.
And he only bites
if I tell him to.
Lips?
Why do you call him that?
My daughter named him.
You'd have to ask her.
But you can't.
Lips.
Check him out.
If you scratch him behind his left
ear, he might love you for life.
- Something wrong with your teeth?
- Yeah.
Let me see.
It's okay.
Hmm.
Yeah, it's looking pretty nasty
in there.
Those braces aren't helping
much either, are they?
No, I've been trying
to get them off.
I have a toothbrush you can use if
you wanna try and get the gunk out.
Would you eat that dog?
Dog, maybe.
Lips, never.
Not much meat on him anyway.
Kinda like you.
Where are we going?
It's not safe to stay put.
Not anymore.
So, where are we going?
We're gonna go see a guy I know
who used to be a dentist.
At least I think he was.
He might be able to help you
with your teeth.
That is if you want to.
Maybe I will.
Maybe I won't.
Hmm.
Suit yourself.
Come on, Lips.
♪ Row, row your boat
Gently down the stream ♪
♪ Merrily, merrily
Merrily, merrily ♪
♪ Life is but a dream ♪
Scream!
We never know
who could be near, do we?
Okay.
Don't drink that.
You need to boil it first.
We're gonna need some firewood.
Go and put this to good use.
I gotta say somethin'.
Say it.
You smell pretty bad.
That's rich coming from a feral
kid that smells like ass.
I don't smell.
Oh, honey, you do.
But don't take it personal,
everybody smells bad these days.
Hey, there's another one.
Oh! Die!
- What does feral mean?
- Just like that.
It means us on our bad days.
Good boy, Lips.
Sorry, Mr. Rabbit.
Wrong time, wrong place.
You didn't say he could hunt.
Bring your knife,
I'll show you how to skin it.
Do I have to?
Yeah, you do.
Where are you going?
I'm going to pee. I mean,
if that's all right with you.
Don't go too far.
How far is far?
Geez.
Shut that dog up.
Lips.
What do you want?
You got food, you got fire.
What more can a man want?
What do you say, missy?
Sorry. I'm feelin' antisocial.
Move on now.
Think about it.
You're gonna take
the both of us?
You are gonna die, you bitch!
Emma. Emma.
Emma!
Emma, I got blood on my hands.
Emma, I have blood on my hands.
It's okay, it's okay.
Let me see.
Come here, come here.
It's okay, it's okay.
We're gonna be okay.
Okay?
Goddammit, quit moving.
It'll hurt a whole hell of a
lot less if you just sit still.
Fucking piece of shit.
Hey, hey.
Sonny, what the hell?
He lied,
he said it wouldn't hurt.
He's trying to help you.
Yeah, then why was he laughing?
Was I laughing?
Yes, you were.
That tooth should come out,
along with the braces.
Not a chance, dickweed.
That tooth can get a whole
lot worse, Sonny-boy.
You know, I'm sorry about Janey.
She was a good kid.
Is that your daughter?
Well, what did happen to her?
She's gone.
What do you mean gone?
Do you think
she could still be alive?
I cannot talk about it.
I cannot.
I see you still got
that little dog of hers.
It is truly amazing
that thing is still moving.
He's not a thing,
and his name is Lips.
Yeah, right, Lips.
Fast little rodent as I recall.
Leave him alone, asswipe.
Enough!
Rodent.
Come on, Lips.
Emma, I think we should
head back south.
Emma?
Sonny, why are...
Oh, Sonny.
Hm, did you say something?
- Go back to sleep.
- Alright.
Hey.
Raoul and I have, uh,
we have history.
We were friends from before.
Whatever.
It's none of my business.
I just can't believe we came
all this way for that guy.
He knows what he's doing,
believe it or not.
Something up? Is someone coming?
Well, I'm gonna go
make breakfast. Ow.
History, huh?
I hope your mouth hurts.
I think we should
head back south.
South, why?
That's our best bet
where Janey could be.
Why do you say that?
Well, there's more people
down there.
People. You ought to know by now
that people are best to be avoided.
I just think that if she's
alive, maybe we could find her.
I know you wanna help me
find Janey,
and I want that
more than anything.
We don't even know
where to look.
Were you looking for her
when you found me?
Someone told me they saw a girl
by the tower where we first met.
They described her and it sounded
close enough to take a chance.
I was hoping Lips
might lead me to her.
At least I found you.
Lips!
Lips isn't back.
We need to go find him.
Sonny, he'll come back.
But what if he doesn't?
What if someone takes him or kills him?
It could happen.
Not helping.
- He'll come back. He always does.
- Fine, I'll do this on my own.
So maybe you wanna come help?
Help with what? Get killed?
No, I'm good.
What about breakfast?
Goddammit, Sonny.
Lips.
You here by yourself?
I'm with them.
I'm looking for my dog.
Have you seen a dog?
Stay away from him!
They're on the second floor.
Don't let them see you.
Mom, I'm scared.
I was just looking for my dog.
I wasn't going to hurt him.
Shut up.
Where are we going?
Getting inside
before your people come.
What people?
I'm alone. I told you,
I was just looking for my dog.
So, what's the deal
with the rhino head?
She wears it all the time.
It's who I am now.
You're a rhino?
Well, it scared
the piss outta me.
Pissy piss-piss.
Where did you find him?
He was by the Smith family.
Can we keep him?
Keep me?
I'm not gonna be your pet.
Don't worry about it.
I got this under control.
Move backward.
My name is Melanie
and you may not call me Mel.
What?
What's your name?
Sonny.
I'm Oscar.
- That's Maddy.
- Nice to meet you.
Is that your toy?
It's my telescope.
It's a tool.
I don't think I can eat that.
It's edible. Eat it.
No, I can't.
My mouth is all
messed up because of the braces.
Yeah, I know about that.
You know,
I was really looking for my dog.
No, that's what we don't know.
We don't know who you're with.
I told you, I'm alone.
Only the dead are alone.
The hanging people aren't alone.
That's not what she means.
Well, then what does she mean?
I mean, that he could have
people nearby.
People who could hurt us.
He's just looking for his dog
and I like him.
See, he gets it.
I don't believe him.
So, what are you gonna do,
cook me up?
Could certainly solve
our problem.
Very funny.
There's nothing funny here.
Just stop talking.
All right, all right.
Do you live here?
Not here.
Over there.
Don't talk to her.
You shouldn't have come here.
You need to go. Now!
I'm looking for my friend.
A boy about your age.
You mean Sonny?
Oscar, quiet.
Have you seen him?
He's in jail.
Please, let me see him.
Can I see him?
I'll take you, but if you touch
any of us, I'll brain you.
Noted.
Janey!
- Come out.
- We know you're in there.
Maybe they followed me,
I don't know.
What's the matter?
It's not your fault.
Come on out.
But we gotta get out of here.
What if they catch us or there's
another nano-strike thing?
All I know is that we're not
safe here anymore, okay?
We're better off
if we're on the move.
Okay, come here. Come here.
- It's gonna be okay.
- Mom.
I just wanna be friends.
Janey, Janey, Janey.
Come down, come down.
I got this.
Mom!
Let go of her.
You okay?
Yes.
Didn't find Lips,
but uh, I found all them.
Who else is with you?
No one.
That's what he said.
She came looking for me.
I was alone.
Look, we're not the bad guys.
If you'll just let us go...
No, you'll tell the others
and they'll come.
I won't let anything happen
to these kids.
Janey, Janey.
Janey.
No, no.
No.
No!
Janey!
Hey, that's mine.
You know,
it'd be easy to get outta here.
I'll distract them
and you take Melanie out.
I won't hurt her. She's trying to
take care of these little ones.
She's batshit crazy
is what she is.
I came across that boy and she popped
out of nowhere dressed like a rhino.
She hit me with a bat.
Oh, and don't call her Mel.
Whatever the hell that's about.
You know,
you should have waited for me.
None of this would be happening.
Yeah, well, here we are.
Do you really have a dog?
Yes.
I was looking for him
when I found your brother.
He's not my brother.
What color is she? The dog?
He is grayish with white spots.
I used to have a dog. She was yellow.
Her name was Abbie.
What's your dog's name?
Lips.
Lips, that's funny.
I told you not to talk to them.
Her name is Janey, my daughter.
Have you seen that girl?
I once saw a man turn to glop
after a nano-strike.
Maddy, I told you not to talk.
Well, I did.
Glop, glop.
Have you seen her?
Please.
There is a guy,
he collects kids.
We got away from him.
She could be there, but for her
sake, I hope she's not.
Do you know his name?
Do you know
where I can find him?
We walked for weeks before we found
this place. So, I'm not really sure,
but it's west,
towards the mountains.
He goes by Jasper.
He's a terrible person.
Thank you.
For what?
Hope.
I think we should do something
for them.
Like what?
They have food, shelter.
Most importantly,
they have Melanie.
Hold on, I'll be right back.
Lips!
See, I told you
he always comes back.
Still need to get
your teeth fixed.
You can forget about it
if it's with your boyfriend.
He's not my boyfriend.
Boyfriend.
He sure is handsome and special.
Don't make me shoot you.
- You don't even have any bullets.
- Maybe I do, maybe I don't.
Whatever.
Okay, arms out.
Stand with your feet apart.
Well, not so close to your face.
Okay, line up the front sight
with the rear sight.
And squeeze the trigger.
Without any bullets,
this is pointless.
Maybe. We only have six left.
Just let me shoot one
to know what it feels like.
I see your point.
Arms straight out!
No way.
Oh, if I knew
that was all it took,
we could have done that
a long time ago.
How do you feel?
Like something's missing.
Like I got punched in the mouth.
Must have cracked the cement.
Emma, don't you ever just
wanna stay in one place?
I don't know
how to stop looking.
But thanks for sticking with me.
Where else would I go?
I don't know what hurts more,
my mouth or my feet.
These boots don't fit anymore.
We can get you some
better shoes.
That we can do.
Lips, get back.
Strange.
So, few around.
Keep your eyes open.
Scavengers, nearby.
The ones who follow him.
- Follow who?
- Jasper.
Emma, he knows Jasper.
You should drop the backpack.
Give me back my keys.
- I gave you your stuff.
- Who's that guy back there?
- He said something about Jasper.
- What?
What did he say?
Something about kids
scavenging for him.
You know Jasper?
Don't, don't, I need those.
I let people in and out.
I lock things up.
If I lose them,
he'll be real angry.
Jasper?
You got a name?
Eli.
You are going to introduce us
to Jasper.
Jasper doesn't like strangers.
Though, he might like him.
Do you know a girl named Janey?
I know a Janey.
Is this her?
Maybe. Janey's older now.
Now, give me back my keys.
Take us, then you can have
your keys back.
Did Jasper do this?
Sort of.
Janey was there.
Grab his shoes.
The dead guy's shoes?
Yeah, he doesn't need 'em.
Just get 'em.
You know, Jasper might
just decide to kill you.
He's like that, you know?
Why would you stay
with this guy?
It's not so bad.
We bring him stuff
and in return, he gives us food.
You mean steal stuff?
What, you mean you've never taken
something that wasn't yours?
I just took your knife.
You'll see how it is
soon enough.
What's that supposed to mean?
Hey, Eli,
what are we walking into here?
Does he have guns?
Some, but he doesn't need 'em.
You can still turn back.
Just keep walking.
I am walking.
Can't you see that I'm walking?
This is it.
Can I have my keys now?
Take us in.
He'll be mad if he thinks
I brought a grownup in.
You're gonna have
to go in alone.
How do we manage that?
Go to the gate,
make an offering.
Him.
Now, give me back my keys.
Please.
Give him his keys.
An offering?
What's that all about?
This place is all kids.
You're a kid.
It's just the way he likes it.
It's a good thing
that's not creepy.
What about my knife?
I don't see any stuff.
So, now what?
Let's just sit
and watch for a while.
Do you really think Janey had
something to do with that guy?
I don't know.
Maybe he had it coming.
He just seemed like
a regular guy.
Did you ever think
you'd kill someone?
I guess not.
Maybe you should just use me
to get us in.
An offering or whatever.
I don't like it.
If it gets us in.
So, what's the plan then?
You just gonna wait for an opening
and storm the place
with five bullets and a hatchet?
- Look, if something happened to you...
- Janey may be in there.
We've been walking forever,
let's just play this out.
You know I love you, right?
Yeah.
Let's stash our stuff here.
- What about Lips?
- Let him roam.
He'll be better off.
Go on, Lips.
Be safe.
What do you want?
- We need to speak to Jasper.
- Who are you talking to?
Some lady and a boy.
Let me see.
How old is that boy?
I'm 13.
You can come in, but not her.
Sorry.
It's either both of us
or neither of us.
Jasper will wanna see the boy.
But not the grownup.
He'll be mad.
He'll be mad
if he gets away too.
I'm letting them in.
Eli, open the gate.
Got any weapons?
I have a knife.
Throw it over here.
I want it, it's mine.
It's mine, I'm giving it to him.
No way, it's mine. Let me.
I haven't given him
anything in a long time.
Move!
I'm taking it.
I hate your stupid face.
It doesn't matter.
We all get notches for giving him the boy.
Okay, Jasper?
Oh, yeah, follow me.
Is he nice to you?
Nice?
No.
Sometimes, but mostly not.
Do you like it here?
It's where we live.
Are these for me?
- I found them.
- You did not, we all did.
Stop.
Give each of yourselves
four notches in the book.
- Me first.
- Why are you first?
It doesn't matter.
- I wanna go.
- Move it.
- Stop, I'm going.
- Move!
- You must be Jasper.
- You're always first.
It doesn't matter. Stop!
Just mark the book and get out.
What the hell are you doing?
I am Jasper.
This is my home.
Now, who are you
and what do you want?
- I'm Emma and...
- Emma...
And this is Sonny.
Sonny, welcome, my child.
We've been looking for you
for a long time.
Really?
How flattering, do tell.
My daughter.
I lost my daughter, she was taken from
me and since you know so many kids,
I thought maybe you might know
where she's at.
I don't know kids.
I care for them.
They are my family.
Her name is Janey.
What do you know?
I happen to know a Janey.
Please, is she here?
Probably just a coincidence.
Janey!
We've got visitors.
Janey.
Baby, I found you.
Who said I was lost?
Baby.
Janey.
It's me.
What a touching moment.
Aren't you happy
to see your mommy?
Janey.
What have you done to her?
What have I done to her?
I saved her.
You took her from me.
That is unkind and untrue.
I never took anyone.
Then let her go.
Now!
Of course.
Baby.
Come here.
Janey, what's wrong with you?
You left me.
You left me!
It sounds like you left her.
No, I didn't.
He took you from me.
Again, with these accusations.
Go on, honey, go to your mommy.
I said, go!
Now, show her the woman
you've become.
Uh... What?
Kids these days. I tell ya.
What the hell is wrong with you?
This is your mother.
We came all this way for you?
Now, now, best to just stay out
of mother-daughter spats.
Wanna be friends?
No, I don't.
Take him and explain the rules.
Hey!
- I'm gonna kill you...
- Oh, that time has passed.
What are you doing?
Hold still.
I guess today is my day
to show you the ropes.
Janey, stay close to your mom.
Baby, I am so sorry.
Please, hug me.
What the fuck is your problem?
When's the last time
you had a meal like this?
Go on, eat up.
There's plenty more
where that came from.
- This doesn't change anything.
- It changes your hunger level.
- So, what's the catch?
- No catch.
You just have to earn it.
Sounds like a catch.
All you have to do
is dig around out there
and find stuff
for mean old Jasper.
Stuff?
Food, electronics, weapons.
I'll pass.
No!
It's not that bad.
- No, please.
- We all have one.
Stop moving!
So, what's to stop me
from leaving?
Emma, maybe.
And this.
You'll come around.
They all do.
No.
- No!
- Is that kid coming around too?
You betcha.
Go.
Don't look so sad.
Your baby's alive after all.
I'm not really sure
what I should do with you.
Oh, good news.
I got you a present.
Here, put this on.
You're welcome.
What happened to her?
Janey?
You know, people change.
It was you.
You took her.
Took her, no.
I fed her.
Taught her to defend herself.
Where were you?
I remember the tattoo.
And I'm taking her with me.
No, you're not.
Every one of my kids are with me
because they wanna be.
Look around.
- They're better off with me.
- Then why just kids?
They're our future.
They bring the resources I need
to keep all this together.
I'm just their advocate.
Advocate?
That's what you're calling it?
See this?
I've been able to harness
my own little swarm.
They're mine.
This is why these kids are safe.
This is why Janey is alive.
You can't control those things.
You're wrong.
I know them,
I helped design them.
Ever wonder what these
little guys look like?
One is harmless.
But as a swarm, they can devour
any biological material.
Non biologics
pretty effectively, too.
But, then,
you know that already.
Not what you expected?
Here, watch this.
I don't have as much control
as the entity,
but I can still do
all sorts of fun things.
You're insane.
No, I'm not.
This makes you mine.
Just like Janey is mine.
And, of course, there's Sonny.
Here, sit.
You look like you need to sit.
Okay.
I'll give you some time
to regroup.
Give me your hand.
- What are you gonna propose?
- Give me your hand.
You try to break this off,
it activates. You die.
Now you're his dog.
Like Lips?
Oh, so you do remember your dog.
Well, he's my dog now.
Lips is still alive?
Where is he?
Out there.
You have no idea how long
we've been looking for you.
The first thing you do is slap
your mother in the face.
You don't know anything.
I know what I saw.
What's she to you?
She's my friend.
Your friend?
Well, don't be surprised
when she abandons you.
Show me the dog, dog.
Eli, open the gate.
- Better not hurt him.
- I'm not gonna hurt him.
Did you leave him tied up?
No, he stays near me and Emma.
He hunts, he hides.
Lips.
He's around here somewhere.
He hunts, really?
Yeah, he does.
Things change.
Emma told me you named him Lips.
How come?
When he was a puppy, he used to
wake me up by licking my lips.
The name stuck.
Hey, those are ours.
Were yours.
Score, Jasper will like this.
There he is.
Lips, it's me, Janey.
He's afraid of me.
What do you know?
He doesn't like psychopaths.
Lips, puppy,
wanna come home with me?
Jasper don't like dogs.
Unless they're in soup.
Leave him out here.
He's better off.
He's right.
No, we're bringing him.
He's my dog.
Actually,
he's sorta my dog now, but...
No, he isn't.
He's coming with me.
Really,
you should leave him out here.
He stays near me and Emma.
You can come out and see him.
Asshole.
Jasper, look, I found an ax.
Sorry, sorry.
Lips, why are you here?
I tried to leave him
out there, but...
What is this?
That's my dog
from when I was little.
Janey, a dog in my space?
This is unacceptable.
It's just a little dog.
I'll keep him away.
Then why is it here now?
My mistake, I'll take him away.
Wait.
Are you telling me that this is that
same little dog that you had years ago?
Yes.
No kidding.
What are the chances?
Bring it here.
Please, he's my dog from before.
He's harmless.
Do not make me say it again,
honey.
Hello.
Oh, this dog is barely a dog.
It'd be more like eating
a pigeon, don't you think?
Oh, come here.
- Good boy, good boy...
- Please, Jasper, I'll do whatever you want.
I told her we
should've left him outside.
Janey, I'd back away
if I were you.
- No, I won't.
- Oh, I think you will.
It's just a mistake,
I'm bringing him back outside.
Janey,
do not release that animal.
- There's no reason to do this.
- Janey!
Last chance.
Baby, do what he says.
It's Lips.
Stop!
- Stop! Make it stop.
- No. I'm sorry.
Oh, Janey, it's not.
No.
- It's all my fault.
- It's not, it's not.
- It's my fault. I'm sorry, mom.
- Oh, baby.
How cool was that?
What the fuck is wrong with you?
I will, I will kill you.
Oh, I highly doubt that.
Get off of her!
Leave her alone!
She's my mother!
Okay. Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay.
Okay, Janey. Janey, okay.
What?
Did I cross a line?
Okay.
Listen, I'll forgive your
outburst and I won't kill her...
...but she leaves now.
- I'm not leaving without them.
- No?
Okay, well, what about that,
huh?
And what about Sonny? Hm?
No? Okay.
Okay, just stop, stop, stop,
stop, stop. Stop. Stop.
I'll go.
But you have to leave them
alone.
- Baby...
- No!
Leave.
Baby, be strong.
This isn't over.
Bye, bye, Emma.
Oh, and, hey...
If you come back, I liquefy
Sonny and then I liquefy you.
Got it?
Okay.
Sonny, I'll forgive you
for the hatchet because of that.
But you're gonna have
to make up for it.
Clean up your dog.
Fuck off!
Huh.
Okay.
Eli.
Eli!
Get in here with a mop.
Or maybe a shovel.
You know what? Bring both.
Hey, you shouldn't be here.
What is this place?
You need to leave.
I got this.
Can you read?
Yeah, I can read.
And you read the words
no trespassing?
I must have missed that.
Look, I just saw all these kids and
thought there might be some food around.
Oh, I see, and you decided
to hop my fence.
Sort of. I didn't mean no harm.
You didn't mean any harm.
Okay.
Look, I'll just leave.
Just wait one second.
Oh, oh, no, no, no, no, no!
Stop it!
Scavenge.
Do you ever think
about your life before?
Sometimes, why?
Just curious.
What was it like?
I lived in a palace
in the clouds.
It was the suburb.
I forget the name. House,
school, barbecues, sledding.
It was nice. Safe.
Brothers?
Sisters?
I had a little brother.
Yeah, what was his name?
Jacob, Jake.
He used to really bug me.
Parents?
Had those too.
What happened to them?
What do you think
happened to them?
Sonny, wait.
I was just making
a conversation.
I know, forget it.
Let's leave some food for Emma.
She's gonna get us killed.
Did you not just see
what he did?
Exactly my point.
Emma's plan is reckless.
I say we just keep bringing him stuff.
Maybe he'll get sick and die.
It's a better plan,
it really is.
He's not gonna stop.
He likes being king.
Let's go to her camp.
One of us should head back.
I'll see her another day.
Don't go in the gate without me.
Janey.
Hey, handsome.
You scared the hell out of me.
You really need to be more aware
of your surroundings.
I thought I was.
You just went all ninja on me.
I brought you some stuff.
This stuff will rot your teeth.
Still with the teeth. You really
oughta let it go. Just have some soda.
What happened to your leg?
I cut it on some rebar.
- How's Janey?
- She's okay.
Still getting up in my face
about the plan.
Is Jasper still bothering her?
I don't think so.
He's been busy with his toys.
I've been keeping an eye on her.
- I bet you have.
- It's not like that.
I'm just looking out for her
like you asked me to.
Has he used his bugs recently?
He just killed some guy for
wandering around the compound.
Not with the swarm though.
It was awful.
I just need you and Janey and
those kids to be free of him.
And then we'll all
be together, right?
Yes.
But promise me,
if anything happens,
that you and Janey will stick
together, protect one another.
I can't wait to see
the look on his face.
Promise me.
Emma, you don't know half
of all he does.
- Say it.
- Fine, we'll stick together.
Okay.
Two days.
Around noon.
Look out for me
at the front gate.
Okay.
Was she there?
Yeah, she wants to do it
in two days.
This is gonna go bad.
- Did you find any good stuff?
- Mind your own business.
- This is my business.
- Oh, what, no dogs?
What are you doing
hanging out with this loser?
You should come by later.
Hey, Eli, I was wondering.
Is your ass jealous of all the
shit that comes out of your mouth?
Very funny, fuckwit.
- That was pretty good.
- I've been saving that one.
For crying out loud, what is it?
It's me and Sonny.
We found some stuff.
Your timing sucks.
Okay, come in.
Well, what did you bring me?
Circuit boards, food.
I found a wrench.
You interrupted me for a wrench?
There's food here too
and some blankets.
Blankets, I don't need blankets.
Give 'em to the little kids.
Let me see those circuit boards.
What's with the outfit?
I went outside the fence,
it's practical.
Practical?
So, what,
are you two a pair now?
We went salvaging together,
for you.
Together.
Just checking the power level.
These, I can use.
Nice work, Janey.
See these? These are good.
Let me see that wrench.
Please.
- Looks like it's malfunctioning.
- What?
Then why am I still alive?
They know the difference between
power drain and tampering.
They know?
I could have just left here
for good.
You just don't get it, do you?
I know you don't believe it
but you are safer here with me.
I wanna talk to him alone.
You need to make some
adjustments to your attitude.
Gee, maniac dad,
thanks for the life lesson.
This dynamic between us
really isn't working for me.
Maybe I should give you
more responsibility.
Jasper, how many people
have you killed?
What did you say?
I know of at least four.
I'm just wondering how it is you
think I'm safer here with you.
You, brazen little fuck.
I should let you go. Let you get
slaughtered and eaten by some vagrant.
You're still just a boy.
Well, maybe I should just let
all the kids loose.
See what happens, you know?
We've had a pretty good run.
But that's not who I am.
Today, now,
is our new beginning, okay?
And if not,
the question before us is,
would the death of one mouthy
teen change anything?
Now take your wrench
and get the fuck outta here.
- You're hurt.
- I'll be okay.
I can get you some
medical supplies.
No, I don't wanna get you
in trouble.
- It won't, I'll go get it.
- No.
I don't want you to risk it.
What did you do to your leg?
It was a stupid mistake.
Janey, I...
I wanted to tell you.
After you were taken,
I looked for you everywhere.
Every day.
I blame myself
for being unprepared.
It wasn't your fault.
It was Jasper.
He lied and told me
it was your idea.
Said that he could protect me
better, so you gave me up.
I didn't wanna believe it
but I was little.
I feel like I failed you.
Can you ever forgive me?
You're my mom.
Of course, I forgive you.
Thank you.
I think he's been lying
about the bracelets.
Mine was offline and the bugs
didn't come for me.
Remember the kid
that tried to take his off?
Yeah, but did you actually
see him mess with it?
We just saw him afterwards.
It's not worth the risk.
Well, soon it won't be an issue.
Hey, I wanted to say thanks,
for coming to save me back then.
You didn't even know me.
It was mostly Emma.
I was just keeping her company.
But you came just the same.
She's here.
Who is it?
It's Janey.
I'm in the middle of something.
What is it?
My mom, Emma, she's at the gate.
Emma's here?
Wow. The balls on her.
What does she want?
I don't know,
but please, don't hurt her.
Ah, she knows the rules.
Please let me talk to her.
I'll get her to leave.
You shouldn't be here.
I need to talk to him.
I have something.
A peace offering.
Please, you need to leave.
I have to talk to him.
I thought I was clear.
Yet here you are.
I know.
But I had to see my kids.
You've broken the one rule.
You're here.
I stayed away a long time.
I brought something for you.
Please.
You know how this has to go.
Janey, Janey, Janey.
After all
that we've been through.
They're coming now.
Better say your goodbyes.
Ah, they're gathering now.
Seeking out their target.
Janey, move!
Huh. You little shit!
No, no, no!
No, no, no, no!
You found her.
We did.
Jasper?
He's gone.
Good.
Is it alright if we stay here?
It's fine by me.
Sure.